Meghan Sayre:
Team, sharing the reporting ask we just received from Pegasus. Appreciate the help here.
They are looking for reports with the following during bank linking beta and beyond:
Frequency
Weekly reports during the beta phase
Monthly reports long term for Senior Leadership
What must be included
Clear view of bank linking adoption and usage
Number of applications run through bank linking
Number of applications run through ID verification (these should closely correlate)
Pass / Fail recommendations tied to outcomes
Clear indication of whether the program is being used as intended
Visibility into decisions made
Callouts for any glitches or issues, if present
Questions we need to answer internally
What of this can we already deliver today?
What would require new reporting or customization?
What cadence and format make the most sense (PDF, dashboard export, etc.)?
How do we operationalize this so it goes out automatically on a weekly and monthly basis?
Thanks in advance. Let’s align on scope and feasibility so we can set clear expectations with the client.



Meghan Sayre
  4:47 PM
just adding on that they are looking for applicant level data



Dane Rosa
  10:15 AM
For the action items:
Clear view of bank linking adoption and usage
Number of applications run through bank linking
Number of applications run through ID verification (these should closely correlate)
Pass / Fail recommendations tied to outcomes
Is the data within our BAL dashboard: /Users/danerosa/rds_databricks_claude/databricks_dashboards/Bank Account Linking Dashboard.lvdash.json sufficient?
For the additional items we'll need your help to identify the logic we can build in:
Clear indication of whether the program is being used as intended
how would you define if the program is being used as intended
Visibility into decisions made
Can you elaborate on this?
Callouts for any glitches or issues, if present
Is this failed BAL connections?


Daniel Cooper
I think this data is sufficient. I think what they are looking for in the grand scheme would be an applicant view that shows what feature they were run through. So each applicant would should:
IDV: :white_check_mark:
Bank Linking: :white_check_mark:
Connected Payroll: :x:
Bank Statements: :x:
Pay Stubs: :white_check_mark:
Ruling: Pass/Fail and a reason
The reasoning might be a lot to add so maybe just this part to start
I think the first page of the report would just show percetages and numbers of the time each tool was used followed by an applicant by applicant report is my dream state. Not sure how feasable that is though
This is my take on what they are asking for. Happy to connect and discuss. @Frank Fico or @Meghan Sayre let me know if you have a different take (edited) 

